the second book of The Chronicles now
Solomon the son of David was
strengthened in his kingdom and the Lord
his God was with him
and exalted him exceedingly and Solomon
spoke to all Israel to the captains of
thousands and of hundreds to the judges
and to every leader in all Israel the
heads of the father's houses
[Music]
then Solomon and all the assembly with
him went to the high place that was at
Gibeon for the tabernacle of meeting
with God was there which Moses the
servant of the Lord had made in the
wilderness but David had brought up the
Ark of God from kir Jeff Jairam to the
place David had prepared for it
for he had pitched a tent for it at
Jerusalem
[Music]
now the bronze altar that Bezalel the
son of Uriah the son of hur had made he
put before the tabernacle of the Lord
Solomon and the Assembly sought him
there and Solomon went up there to the
bronze altar before the Lord which was
at the tabernacle of meeting and offered
a thousand burnt offerings on it on that
night God appeared to Solomon and said
to him ours what shall I give you
you have shown great mercy to David my
father and have made me king in his
place now
Oh Lord God that you're promised to
David my father be established for you
have made me king over a people like the
dust of the earth in multitude now give
me wisdom and knowledge that I may go
out and come in before these people for
who can judge this great people of yours
because this was in your heart and you
have not asked riches or wealth or honor
or the life of your enemies nor have you
asked long life but have asked wisdom
and knowledge for yourself that you may
judge my people over who might have made
you King wisdom and knowledge are
granted to you and I will give you
riches and wealth and one such as none
of the Kings have had who were before
you nor shall any after you have the
link so Solomon came to Jerusalem from
the high place the pizzette Gibeon from
before the tabernacle of meeting and
reigned over Israel and Solomon gathered
chariots and horsemen he had 1,400
chariots and twelve thousand horsemen
whom he stationed in the chariot cities
and with the king in Jerusalem also the
king made silver and gold as common in
Jerusalem as stones and he made Cedars
as abundant as the Sycamores which are
in the lowland and Solomon had horses
imported from Egypt and kiva the Kings
merchants bought them in Kiva at the
current price they also acquired and
imported from Egypt a chariot for six
hundred shekels of silver and a horse
for 150 thus through their agents they
exported them to all the kings of the
Hittites and the kings of Syria
[Music]